spelling/grammar (#56)
movie-web/providers: .docs/content/1.get-started/1.quick-start.md

})
```

> Perfect. This instance of the providers you can reuse everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perfect. You now have an instance of the providers you can reuse everywhere.
```

> Now lets scrape an item:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's scrape an item:
```
